hey guys what's up I'm Milo Connelly
Andrew am here with a new video to on
and this is the video on how to had the
Batman and the flesh he hero run a hero
and without root first of all first of
all you need a grouser that is
compatible with download the UC browser
HD is the best one and then go to API
galaxy calm I'll put a little link in
the description so don't worry but if
you all don't want to go to run it you
can also get it on the on this side my
Wi-Fi is so weak
and I'm so June for you like I'll always
watch Dane
okay
none
we go
yes see but my Edward Burton Batman the
flash hero run version 1.1 mod unlimited
coins and gems apk
ah
good
and clicked on it
newest version of it okay page would
look like this page will look like this
this is the description you can read it
from Google 3 you have and now there are
three options to download it download
from the first one it is the it is the
best thing okay also download from the
first one it will open some sites don't
don't touch anything
and then yeah then install the apk and
then see back when in the flash here on
it will all message apk alexa.com make
sure the message appears or else your
game is not knock help it's loading
sorry for the wait okay google games
okay see this out and I already picked
up the Batman classic though it will
keep the crusader okay see I have a
Jokers all the cards and then care to
mines purple to the flash and the flash
is Wendy West and in the Batman
it's our favorite I mean mine yours free
where the Batman when gamma and I am
going to show this is this a distort a
unlimited then let's go to stages oh ok
gadgets then switch gadget but see the
coins
okay I could equip it and then don't
worry I am going to show then in 150 it
has been it has been it has been - the
coin but don't worry it would not save
your game like this oh that just closed
this game I am closed this closing this
game to show that it is unlimited only
into a car it is loading
what we did is so
Speedy's
gathered to see this
see the gems are nine men and women and
the coins and then and and then it okay
so you don't need to worry and I'll show
you this gameplay switch to Gotham City
and have to play okay it's a bad man
when gamma okay the Batman when gamma
would look like this and as you know
that's the game play
I maxed it out
now showing into the umbrella game will
look like this
but her hard leg because it is lagging
because of my third SCR it is like that
only
see to take down okay
while three thank you guys for watching
please like comment and subscribe okay
bye